Building a cloud-native application can often be difficult.
Setting up the right environments
Using suitable libraries. And figuring out
an easy way to deploy and debug your application is time consuming
To help you solve these challenges, we built Nocalhost
Nocalhost is an cloud-native development tool based on IDEs
It optimizes connect, deploy, develop and debug process
That makes cloud-native development easier and faster
Nocalhost supports a number of IDEs
Including Visual Studio Code and JetBrains
This way, you can leverage the tools you already know
Let's dive deeper into how Nocalhost
optimizes connect, deploy, develop and debug
First, connect
Nocalhost helps you connect to Kubernetes cluster easily by
using KubeConfig, and it also supports multi-cluster connections
Nocalhost works with any Kubernetes cluster
Whether it is local Docker Desktop or Minikube
Or any cloud-based clusters
Nocalhost can connect by one click
It helps you to get rid of the pesky local environment configurations
Let's see how to deploy applications
Nocalhost provides an easy way to deploy application to any namespace
Nocahost supports  to deploy application  through Manifest Yaml、
Helm and Kustomize
Can quickly deploy the application to Kubernetes cluster
After deployed
you can start to develop
Nocalhost supports to develop standard types of workloads
Select the corresponding workload and click [Hammer] icon
Nocalhost will start the DevMode
Let's see how DevMode works
Once enter DevMode,
Nocalhost will replace the remote container image with DevImage
Use the DevImage to start a new POD and replace the exiting POD
Turn on port-forward in remote POD
So you can now easily access remote application in local
Start real-time file synchronization
Sync the local file to remote POD automatically
automatically start terminal in remote POD
This way, you can compile, run remotely through the IDE
When developing, Nocalhost can automatically synchronize the code
to container evetime you make a change
Developer can easily to use code startup process in DevContainer
Nocalhost eliminate the submit, building and pushing cycles
This can significantly speed up the feedback loop of development
So you see updates in under a second
You may discover issues in your application
Nocalhost is here to help by providing the same debugging experience
you're used in the IDE even when
debugging in remote Kubernetes cluster
If you need to dive deeper
Nocalhost also comes with a built-in log viewer
To helps you
to monitor and debug issues with your Kubernetes right within your IDE
Now you know how Nocalhost works
to improve your experience creating
cloud-native application within your favorite IDE
by optimize the connect, deploy, develop and debug process
We hope this short introduction to Nocalhost gives
you all need to get started
Nocalhost is the most productive way to build cloud-native applications.
And you can give a try by going to nocalhost.dev
Also, you can reach out to us via Slack or join our WeChat group